UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 

FOR THE MIDDLE DISTRICT OF GEORGIA 

MACON DIVISION 

 

RACHEL DEPALMA 

 

Plaintiff, 

 

v. 

 

SAMANTHA KERNS, 

TRACY KORSLUND, 

LAURINDA KIRK, 

 

Defendants. 

) 

) 

) 
) 

) 

) 

) 

) 

) 

) 

) 

) 

CASE NO. 5:22-CV-00091 

 

 

JUDGE: 

 

 

COMPLAINT FOR 
DEFAMATION FALSE LIGHT, 
AND CONSPIRACY 

 

JURY TRIAL DEMANDED 

 

 

 



 NOW COMES Plaintiff Rachel DePalma (“Plaintiff”), by and through 
undersigned counsel, and for her Complaint against Defendants Samantha Kerns, 
Tracy Korslund, and Laurinda Kirk, (collectively “Defendants”) states as follows: 

PARTIES 

1. Plaintiff Rachel DePalma is an individual residing in San Jose, 
California. Plaintiff owns a nonprofit organization called “No Peace No Quiet,” 
which is devoted to lobbying for legislation to support domestic violence and abuse 
victims, as well as recommending public resources to assist victims of domestic 
violence. Plaintiff promotes her business and its resources on popular social media 
websites, including the popular social media site, TikTok. 



2. Defendant Samantha Kerns (“Kerns”) is an individual residing in 
Kathleen, Georgia, in Houston County. Kerns is a self-proclaimed subject matter 
expert on narcissistic behavior and promotes life-coaching services on social media 
websites, primarily on TikTok and Instagram, through the usernames 
@whatdoesitmatter, @whatdoesitmatternow, and @iamsam.xo. 
3. Defendant Tracy Korslund (“Korslund”) is an individual residing in 
Lennox, South Dakota. Korslund is an abuse survivor who regularly publishes 
content relating to domestic abuse on social media websites, primarily on TikTok 
and Instagram, through the usernames @narctok_royalty. @the.silliest.ho, and 
@jadalous. 
4. Defendant Laurinda Kirk (“Kirk”) is an individual residing in Lithonia, 
Georgia. Kirk is an abuse survivor who regularly publishes content relating to 
domestic abuse on social media websites, primarily on TikTok, through the 
usernames @wholesomehealingatl, @reallaurinda, @narctokog and 
@hotdoghealing. 


JURISDICTION AND VENUE 

5. This Court possesses federal diversity jurisdiction under 28 U.S.C. § 
1332 as the parties are diverse in citizenship and the amount in controversy exceeds 
$75,000. 



6. Venue is proper in the District Court for the Middle District of Georgia 
pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 1391(b)(1). 


FACTUAL BACKGROUND 

7. Plaintiff is a domestic abuse survivor who has chosen to devote her 
career to improving legislation to provide better support for domestic violence 
victims. To that end, Plaintiff founded her nonprofit organization, No Peace No 
Quiet, in 2021. Her organization additionally connects domestic abuse victims to 
resources to aid in their recovery. 
8. Plaintiff developed an online application for domestic survivors to 
report misconduct or abuse they experience from others on social media, called the 
Misconduct Ticketing System (“MTS”), which is available on her organization’s 
website: nopeacenoquiet.org. The MTS is designed to protect the domestic violence 
survivor community from harmful or fraudulent behavior online. Reporting to the 
MTS is secure and anonymous. Plaintiff has never released personal information or 
other data submitted to the MTS. 
9. Plaintiff designed her nonprofit organization, as well as the MTS, to be 
resources for domestic abuse victims to be able to lean on when going through their 
extremely difficult and challenging moments in their life. To that end, Plaintiff’s 



reputation, as well as the reputation of her organization and the MTS, is critical to 
achieving this goal and providing critical resources to domestic abuse survivors. 
10. Since November 2021, Plaintiff has been the victim of a targeted social 
media smear campaign, primarily driven by the Defendants, that is intended to 
defame her and her organization in the domestic violence survivor community and 
to discourage survivors from seeking the resources she provides or otherwise 
associating with Plaintiff. 
11. Upon information and belief, Defendants’ harassment began in 
October 2021 as a response to misinformation that the Plaintiff was responsible for 
accusing another member of the survivor community of sexual harassment. 
12. Plaintiff publicly launched the MTS on November 19, 2021 on social 
media, to encourage survivors to take advantage of the system. Plaintiff was fully 
transparent about what information the MTS collects and how the information is 
used. Plaintiff spoke about the MTS in several videos published to TikTok using the 
account @loveandjustice5 and @nopeacenoquiet. 
13. Defendants’ have spread false and defamatory information primarily on 
TikTok and Instagram about the Plaintiff’s personal history and the MTS to 
discourage survivors from associating with Plaintiff, her organization, and/or 
utilizing the MTS. 



14. On November 26, 2021, shortly after the MTS was launched and the 
Defendants’ harassment began, an unknown individual attempted to hack into the 
MTS to obtain victims’ personal data. Plaintiff’s safeguards were able to detect and 
stop the hacking attempt, as well as capture the IP address used by the hacker. 
Plaintiff publicly posted the IP address in an attempt to identify the hacker. 
15. Upon information and belief, and by her own admission, the IP address 
associated with the hacker belonged to Defendant Korslund. 
16. On November 27, 2021, Defendant Kerns published a video on TikTok 
using the account @whatdoesitmatter. In the video, Kerns plays part of one of 
Plaintiff’s videos explaining the MTS, and then states that: “if you are a victim of 
abuse do not interact with that message board in any way, it is not a secured site”; 
“all of her legal documentation is still pending”; “keep your information safe, she 
has already posted somebody’s IP address in an effort to intimidate somebody.” 
Defendant Kerns additionally points out that Plaintiff’s video is copyrighted and 
should not be reproduced without permission and states that: “I did not get your 
approval to use this in anyway and I wanna see what you are going to do” and tells 
Plaintiff to “stop taking advantage of abuse survivors.” 
17. Defendant Kerns’ statements are false, defamatory, and otherwise cast 
the Plaintiff in a false light. Plaintiff’s website is secure, her organization has all 



proper legal accreditation, and she has never publicly posted an IP address of a 
victim that was submitted to the MTS. Plaintiff does not take advantage of abuse 
survivors in any way. This video was later deleted by either TikTok or Defendant 
Kerns. 
18. On November 29, 2021, Defendant Kerns published another video on 
TikTok using the account @whatdoesitmatter. Kerns again plays a portion of the 
Plaintiff’s video explaining the MTS. Kerns added text over the video stating “Do 
NOT trust this website. Nothing is ever anonymous.” Kerns goes on to state that the 
Plaintiff is “one of the most dangerous individuals [Kerns] has ever seen on this 
app.” This video was later deleted by either TikTok or Defendant Kerns. 
19. Defendant Kerns’ statements are false, defamatory, and otherwise cast 
the Plaintiff in a false light. Plaintiff’s MTS is an anonymous reporting portal and 
Plaintiff is not in any way dangerous or otherwise maliciously targeting victims of 
domestic violence. 
20. Defendant Kerns has openly encouraged other TikTok users, including 
the other Defendants, to engage in harassing and defamatory conduct towards 
Plaintiff. 
21. On November 27, 2021, Defendant Korslund published a video on 
TikTok, using the account @narctok_royalty, entitled “Leaked Data From 



NoPeaceNoQuiet.org Ticketing System.” The video publishes fake complaints 
submitted that, upon information and belief, the Defendants submitted to the MTS 
with the intent to harass the Plaintiff. This video is false, defamatory, and otherwise 
casts the Plaintiff in a false light before the public. 
22. On November 29, 2021, Defendant Korslund published a video on 
TikTok to the account @narctok_royalty, in conjunction with a video posted by 
Defendant Kerns. Defendant Korslund placed text over the video stating: “When 
someone else and I had a issue [Plaintiff] then used my data/info from her website.” 
The video is still available on TikTok at the following URL: 
https://www.tiktok.com/@narctok_royalty/video/7036127491538472239. 
23. Defendant Korslund’s statement on the video is false, defamatory, and 
otherwise casts the Plaintiff in a false light. Plaintiff has not released information 
submitted by Korslund or any other individual through the MTS. 
24. On December 3, 2021, Defendant Korslund published a video on 
TikTok, using the account @narctok_royalty. Korslund plays a portion of Plaintiff’s 
video explaining the MTS. The video is still available online at the following URL: 
https://www.tiktok.com/@narctok_royalty/video/7037588241091988783. In the 
video, Korslund states: “[the MTS] is not even close to being anonymous, you have 



to give your info, and this woman doxxed my IP.” Korslund then shows a series of 
screenshots of and concerning the Plaintiff as follows: 
a. A screenshot of Plaintiff’s post regarding the hacker’s IP address. 
Korslund goes on to state that Plaintiff did not design the MTS for 
victims but for “herself and her own motives” and that Plaintiff “is a 
very dangerous woman.” 
b. A case summary of Mark Belmessieri v. Rachel DePalma 20CV370750 
and later shows page 8 of the amended complaint filed in that case, 
detailing Belmessieri’s third cause of action for intentional infliction of 
emotional distress. 
c. An edited text conversation allegedly between a “Mark” and “Diane” 
discussing what Defendants believed to be a restraining order against 
Plaintiff. Plaintiff has never had a restraining order of any kind issued 
against her. 



25. Defendant Korslund’s video is false, defamatory, and otherwise casts 
the Plaintiff in a false light before the public, intended to convey that the Plaintiff is 
dangerous to domestic violence survivors. Mark Belmessieri v. Rachel DePalma was 
a personal injury and defamation case brought against Plaintiff by her abuser in 
2020, which was swiftly dismissed. Plaintiff has never had a restraining order of any 



kind issued against her. The MTS is anonymous, and Plaintiff has not released 
information submitted through that portal. 
26. Defendant Korslund reiterates her statement that Plaintiff “doxxed” her 
IP address and has had restraining orders issued against her in a video published to 
the account @the.silliest.ho on December 4, 2021. A copy of the video is still 
available online at the following URL: 
a. https://www.tiktok.com/@the.silliest.ho/video/7037928472706207023?is_copy_url=1&is_from_webapp=v1&lang=en 



27. Defendant Korslund additionally posted a four-part series of videos on 
TikTok on December 8, 2021, to the @narctock_royalty account. In the videos, 
Korslund is allegedly speaking to a sheriff tasked with investigating a complaint 
filed by the Plaintiff. Korslund again reaffirms her claim that Plaintiff “doxxed” her 
IP address and that Plaintiff has been giving out misinformation to domestic abuse 
survivors. Korslund makes the additional assertion that Plaintiff took money from 
abuse survivors. The videos are still available online at the following URLs: 
a. https://www.tiktok.com/@narctok_royalty/video/7039475956196871470 
b. https://www.tiktok.com/@narctok_royalty/video/7039489665736412463 






c. https://www.tiktok.com/@narctok_royalty/video/7039517120732106031 
d. https://www.tiktok.com/@narctok_royalty/video/7039529805636734255 





28. On November 30, 2021, Defendant Kirk published a video to the 
TikTok account @wholesomehealingatl. In the video, Kirk states that Plaintiff 
“doxxed somebody’s IP address, this was somebody that was on her website 
nopeacenoquiet.org.” Kirk goes on to state that the Plaintiff’s website “is not 
secure…not encrypted, no security for you the user of the website,” that users should 
use a VPN when visiting the website because “obviously [Plaintiff] is not using the 
data they are getting for good, in fact, they are using it to doxx people on the Internet 
which is something that [Kirk] is pretty sure is on their request form” and that 
Plaintiff “has been taking money from people.” Kirk ends the video by referring to 
Plaintiff as a “con artist.” 
29. On November 30, 2021, Defendant Kirk published an additional video, 
on the TikTok account @wholesomehealingatl, responding to a viewer’s comment. 
In the video, Kirk again states that Plaintiff “doxxed someone’s IP address” and that 
using Plaintiff’s website would be “unsafe.” 



30. On November 30, 2021, Defendant Kirk registered the domain name 
“noquietnopeace.org” for the purpose of creating harassing and defamatory content 
about the Plaintiff. The website stated that: “all I want to say is that you…do not 
need an off app misconduct ticketing system to protect you. The owner of that app 
is abusive and got upset when other abuse survivors asked legitimate questions;” 
“that ticketing system is not safe. The owner of that organization has doxed people 
that are members of her site. If she did it to them, she will do it to you.” 
31. On the “noquietnopeace.org” website, Defendant Kirk additionally 
insinuates that Plaintiff takes “advantage of abuse survivors and victims on social 
media.” She created a form on the website that she called a “Smear Campaign 
Misconduct Ticketing System.” 
32. Shortly after creating the “noquietnopeace.org” website, Defendant 
Kirk admitted to creating the website in TikTok videos published to the 
@wholesomehealingatl account and for the express purpose of harassing Plaintiff. 
A copy of the video is available at the following URL: 
https://www.tiktok.com/@reallaurinda/video/7036480475006864686?is_copy_url=1&is_from_webapp=v1&lang=en. 
33. In at least one video, Kirk states that Plaintiff is personally accepting 
donations from individuals through her organization. 



34. All of Defendant Kirk’s statements in her videos and the websites are 
false, defamatory, and/or otherwise cast the Plaintiff in a false light. The Plaintiff 
does not accept money through the MTS or otherwise require payments to be made 
to her organization, does not release personal information submitted through the 
MTS, and is not dangerous or otherwise take advantage of domestic violence 
survivors. 
35. On December 9, 2021, Defendants Korslund and Kirk participated in a 
live video session on Instagram discussing the Plaintiff. During the live stream, 
Korslund and Kirk stated that Plaintiff has multiple lawsuits against her, Plaintiff’s 
website is not secure, and that “people paid [Plaintiff] money to make [the MTS].” 
36. Since January 2022, Defendant Kirk deleted the noquietnopeace.org 
website and has deleted most of her known social media accounts. Defendant Kerns’ 
TikTok account, @whatdoesitmatter, was deleted either by TikTok or by Kerns 
herself. Defendant Korslund’s TikTok accounts, @narctok_royalty, 
@the.silliest.ho, and @jadalous, are still active. 
37. The aforementioned statements published by Defendants were all 
designed specifically to spread false information about Plaintiff, her organization, 
and the MTS in an effort to destroy Plaintiff’s reputation and encourage other 
domestic violence survivors to distrust Plaintiff and the services she provides. 



38. Specifically, Defendants’ statements attempt to paint Plaintiff as 
someone who will disseminate sensitive personal information about domestic 
dispute survivors, for no apparent reason, and who will put domestic abuse survivors 
in a worse position. 
39. Defendants’ false statements are designed to interfere with Plaintiff’s 
personal life and to injuriously affect her in her trade and profession. 
40. As a direct and proximate result of Defendants’ conduct, Plaintiff has 
suffered injury to her reputation, shame, mortification, mental anguish and injury to 
her feelings. Plaintiff has been repeatedly questioned by individuals, both within 
her organization and outside her organization, about these accusations, which has 
caused a significant lowering of Plaintiff’s reputation within the domestic abuse 
support community. 
41. The false statements by Defendants have caused Plaintiff to experience 
significant mental anguish and disruption of her daily life. Plaintiff has experienced 
depressive thoughts, anxiety, and general distress every time Defendants post a 
video, living in fear of what defamatory allegations Defendants will publish next. 
The Defendants’ actions have significantly prevented Plaintiff from living her life. 
42. This reputational harm has prevented Plaintiff from growing her 
organization, and has prevented Plaintiff from pursuing various partnerships and 



other opportunities for her organization. Simply put, Plaintiff has been prevented 
from pursuing her life’s work as a result of this malicious defamatory campaign. 
43. Additionally, Plaintiff has suffered a significant amount of pecuniary 
harm, including expending numerous resources dealing with the false reports and 
attacks on her website which, upon information and belief, were carried out by 
followers of the Defendants. 


COUNT I 

(O.C.G.A. § 51-5-1(a) Defamation – Libel and Libel Per Se) 

 

44. Plaintiff incorporates and realleges every allegation set forth above as 
though fully set forth herein. 
45. Defendants have intentionally published false and defamatory 
statements of and concerning the Plaintiff to third parties via the Defendants’ 
respective social media accounts. 
46. Defendants’ defamatory statements are as follows: Plaintiff’s MTS is 
not secure, Plaintiff has published personal information submitted through the MTS, 
Plaintiff accepted money from domestic violence victims to create the MTS, Plaintiff 
is a con artist, Plaintiff is taking advantage of and/or is dangerous to domestic 
violence victims, Plaintiff has been the subject of multiple lawsuits, and Plaintiff has 
had restraining orders issued against her. 



47. The above statements are defamatory because they tend to injure the 
Plaintiff’s reputation and expose her to public hatred, contempt, or ridicule. 
48. The defamatory statements are false because Plaintiff’s MTS system is 
secure, Plaintiff has not released personal information submitted through the MTS, 
Plaintiff has not accepted money to create the MTS or otherwise taken advantage of 
domestic violence victims, Plaintiff is not engaged in criminal activity, and Plaintiff 
has not had any restraining orders issued against her. 
49. The defamatory statements are defamatory per se as they tend to injure 
the Plaintiff in her trade, occupation, or business. 
50. Defendants published the False Statements without privilege. 
51. Defendants published the defamatory statements with knowledge that 
the statements were false, with actual malice, or at least with negligence as to their 
falsity. 
52. As a direct result of Defendants’ statements, Plaintiff has suffered 
significant reputational, mental, emotional, and actual damages in excess of $75,000, 
the full amount of which will be proven at trial. 


COUNT TWO 

(Invasion of Privacy – False Light) 

 

53. Plaintiff incorporates and realleges every allegation set forth above as 
though fully set forth herein. 



54. Defendants’ falsely published statements about the Plaintiff depict the 
Plaintiff as taking advantage of and being dangerous to domestic violence survivors. 
55. Defendants’ statements have placed the Plaintiff in a false light before 
the public. 
56. Plaintiff has not taken advantage of domestic violence survivors and is 
not dangerous to that community. On the contrary, Plaintiff has devoted her career 
to assisting and supporting victims of domestic violence. 
57. The false light in which the Plaintiff was placed would be highly 
offensive to a reasonable person. 
58. Defendants published the statements with knowledge that the 
statements were false, with actual malice, or at least with negligence as to their 
falsity. 
59. As a direct result of Defendants’ statements, Plaintiff has suffered 
significant reputational, mental, emotional, and actual damages in excess of $75,000, 
the full amount of which will be proven at trial. 


COUNT III 

(Civil Conspiracy) 

 

60. Plaintiff incorporates and realleges every allegation set forth above as 
though fully set forth herein. 



61. Defendants acted maliciously and in concert in publishing the False 
Statements about the Plaintiff. 
62. Defendants acted in combination with the purpose of accomplishing an 
unlawful end, i.e., publishing libelous statements about the Plaintiff and/or casting 
Plaintiff in a false light before the public to damage Plaintiff’s reputation in the 
community. 
63. Defendants each agreed upon and/or engaged in a common design by 
repeatedly defaming Plaintiff and/or casting her in a false light before the public. 
64. As a direct result of Defendants’ False Statements, Plaintiff has suffered 
significant reputational, mental, emotional, and actual damages in excess of $75,000, 
the full amount of which will be proven at trial. 


PRAYER FOR RELIEF 

 WHEREFORE, based on the foregoing, Plaintiff Rachel DePalma demands 
judgment in her favor and against Defendants Samantha Kerns, Tracy Korslund, 
and Laurinda Kirk on all counts, jointly and severally, as follows: 

a. Issuance by this Court of an Order decreeing that the False Statements 
regarding Plaintiff are false and defamatory; 
b. Injunctive relief that the Defendants are: 



i. prohibited from creating or publishing statements regarding Plaintiff, 
which defame, disparage, or contain libelous statements regarding 
Plaintiff; and 
ii. ordered to take all actions necessary to remove all of the False 
Statements published from the Internet, including but not limited to, 
requesting removal of the False Statements from the Facebook pages of 
all Defendants and all groups Defendants are associated with; 





 

 

c. Actual and/or compensatory damages in an amount to be proven at trial; 
d. Pre- and post-litigation Interest at the maximum rate provided by law; 
e. Reasonable attorney’s fees to the extent permitted by law; 
f. Costs of this action; and 
g. For any and all other relief as this Court may deem Plaintiff just and proper. 


JURY TRIAL DEMANDED 

 Plaintiff hereby demands a trial by jury on all claims for relief and issues 
triable by jury. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


Respectfully submitted this 2nd day of March, 2022. 

 /s/ Olga Izmaylova 

 Andrew Stebbins 

 (pro hac vice application to be filed) 

 MINC LAW 

 200 Park Avenue, Suite 200 

 Cleveland, Ohio 44122 

 p. (216) 373-7706 

 f. (440) 792-5327 

 astebbins@minclaw.com 

 

 Olga Izmaylova 

 Georgia State Bar No. 666858 

 SABBAK & IZMAYLOVA, P.C. 

 1875 Old Alabama Road, Suite 510 

 Roswell, Georgia 30076 

 p. (404) 793-7773 

 f. (770) 797-5887 

 olga@silawatl.com 

 

 Attorneys for Plaintiff 

 


